In the previous lecture, we have seen how to update the record using the DPA provided by spring guitarist.
But the problem here is that we need to pass all the attributes.
OK?
Doesn't matter if we want to update the values for those attributes or not.
But still, we need to pass all the attributes and their values in the reverse payload in the format
of JSON.
Now, let's say we want to do partial update that means we just want to pass on those attributes for
which we actually want to update the values.
And at the same time, other attributes, right that we are not passing in very crisp.
Chris Ballard should not get nullified in the database, just like we have seen in the previous lecture,
right?
These two columns were getting nullified when we were not passing these two attributes.
OK, so we want to avoid that.
So this is the current status of our roundtable.
Now let's see.
We just want to chain this first name, OK?
From Peter to Peter one.
And we don't want to touch for these two columns.
So let's see how to do this.
Some two policemen.
So this will remain same.
OK.
The rest wri is let's rents and ID equal to four, because this is what we want to update.
OK?
ID equal to four.
So posit as part variable.
Now, Jane, these two added debate BitPay OK at the debate method and just pass only those attributes
that you want to update.
So, for example, beta one and call the API.
See, we got the success response.
Check the database, see first name got changed.
But look at these two columns, OK?
These values are now not nullified.
OK, so this is the partial update now.
Let's try again.
Say, for example, we want to change value for the first name.
OK, Peter, go and mark one.
These two attributes, and we don't want to touch a value of email.
OK, call this IPA because the success response taking the database see first name got changed.
The last name Gajendra.
But this is on general email because we are not parsing its value.
Know what payload?
OK.
And at the same time, it is not getting nullified.
This is a deadbeat PDP.
And this is automatically provided by a spring guitarist.
So using this boot and Petitpas, you can update the record while working with spring guitarist.
Now you narrate how this works.
So as what are your requirements, you can go with either equity report or pitch?
OK, are what is your requirement and whatever is preferable for you?
You can go with it.
So this is how you can update the record using BitPay.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.